README.md, before:

Video Rental Store
==================

Exercise implemented as a JAX-RS API and in-memory storage.

Exposed API
-----------

* Dates and money are serialized in JSON as their corresponding ISO strings.

* Error codes are simplified as `202 (OK)`, `400 (Bad request)` and `404 (Not found)`,
  and reported as an array of JSON objects containing a message 
  and, for parameter validation, the path and the value of the offending parameter.

Decision rules
--------------

Prices decision rules are implemented using Camunda DMN in a per-currency basis.
To change the rules, go to http://demo.bpmn.io/dmn/new and load the file 
corresponding to the currency you want to apply the rules for, following the pattern:
`/video-rental-store/domain/src/main/resources/price-rules_<currency code>.dmn`.

Where `<currency code>` is a ISO three-letter currency code (e.g. 'SEK'). 
You can then replace the existing XML to see the policy changes.

In the DMN editor rules are visualized something like:

![Price decision rules](screenshot.png)

Other considerations
--------------------
* Model entities are not attached to any representation in form of JPA or JSON annotations.

* Date & Time handling is done by the class `java.time.Clock`, allowing alternate times during testing.

* Logging is handled by the SLF4J simple logger. JUL is also redirected to SLF4J.

* Bulk storage retrievals are optimized using Java 8 parallel streams.

Commit message:

Refactored packages, added tests, fixed errors.

README.md, after:

Video Rental Store
==================

Exercise implemented as a JAX-RS API and in-memory storage.

REST API
--------

* Dates and money are serialized in JSON as their corresponding ISO strings.

* Error codes are simplified as `202 (OK)`, `400 (Bad request)` and `404 (Not found)`,
  and reported as an array of JSON objects containing a message. 
  For parameter validation, also the path and the value of the offending parameter.

Decision rules
--------------

Prices decision rules are implemented using Camunda DMN in a per-currency basis.
To change the rules, go to http://demo.bpmn.io/dmn/new and load the file 
corresponding to the currency you want to apply the rules for, following the pattern:
`/video-rental-store/domain/src/main/resources/price-rules_<currency code>.dmn`.

Where `<currency code>` is a ISO three-letter currency code (e.g. 'SEK'). 
You can then replace the existing XML to see the policy changes.

In the DMN editor rules are visualized something like:

![Price decision rules](screenshot.png)

Other considerations
--------------------

* Model entities are immutable for fields that do not change.

* Date & Time handling is done by the class `java.time.Clock`, allowing alternate times during testing.

* Logging is handled by the SLF4J simple logger. JUL is also redirected to SLF4J.

* Bulk storage retrievals are optimized using Java 8 parallel streams.

Testing
-------

The module `domain` contains JUnit tests to validate the video rental process and final prices.

The module `rest-api` contains JUnit tests to validate the REST rental process and its errors.
